hi this is dr. loretta sir Aldo from dr.
loretta com board-certified
dermatologist and author of six weeks to
sensational skin in this clip I'm going
to show you how to cover up acne scars
and basically we're going to talk about
using either a real cover up that would
come in a compact or liquid makeup and
one of the most important things to
remember is that you don't want to get a
makeup to cover up that's going to
greatly clog your pores so this
particular compact that I have which
happens to have a mirror in 22 let's say
that I had an acting in fact I've got a
little bit of an acne mark right here so
I'm going to take it and I'm going to
put the compact right over the area of
the athlete or the acne mark and then
I'm going to kind of feather it around
the edges and what I want you to realize
is that this is a light makeup okay we
don't want you using a very thick makeup
this particular makeup it happens to
have in it a little bit of antioxidants
now you may instead want to be using a
liquid makeup and that would be if you
have more oily skin when you get the
liquid makeup you wanted to say oil-free
so here we have an oil-free makeup but
i'm going to show you that if i needed
to cover an acne mark it would do an
awfully good job and you really
basically want to be dabbing it on the
acne mark many times acne marks may have
a little bit of a slight indentation and
why you want to be using the cover-up
kind of makeup whether it's liquid or
solid is because you want to kind of
eliminate the shadow of the acne mark
and that's done best and i'm going to
and this time i'm going to actually try
instead of even using it for an acting
mark i'm going to try to use it at this
little Dell right here because again
it's a shadow that's being cast by a
little bit of puffiness and what you can
see is if you just dab into an area that
is depressed you will give the optical
illusion of that area now na
being depressed please remember that you
want it to be oil free and you want to
put on as little as possible thank you
and mrs. dr. loretta sir Aldo